W-18629658: RNs for May 28 (#3303)
forcedotcom/cli: releasenotes/README.md

* [Salesforce CLI Plugin Developer Guide](https://github.com/salesforcecli/cli/wiki/Quick-Introduction-to-Developing-sf-Plugins)
* [Salesforce CLI Setup Guide](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_setup.meta/sfdx_setup/sfdx_setup_intro.htm)

## 2.91.6 (June 4, 2025) [stable-rc]

These changes are in the Salesforce CLI release candidate. We plan to include these changes in next week's official release. This list isn't final and is subject to change.

------------

> * FIX: If you run a command that uses the SOAP API, such as `project deploy start`, and you authorized the org using a JWT-based access token, the command now correctly fails and outputs an error message saying that the SOAP API doesn't support JWT-based access tokens.  (GitHub issue [#3297](https://github.com/forcedotcom/cli/issues/3297), jsforce PR [#1698](https://github.com/jsforce/jsforce/pull/1698))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FIX: If you run a command that uses a SOAP API, such as `project deploy start`, and you have configured your connected app or external client app to issue JWT-based access tokens, the command now correctly fails and outputs an error message saying that the SOAP API doesn't support JWT-based access tokens.  (GitHub issue [#3297](https://github.com/forcedotcom/cli/issues/3297), jsforce PR [#1698](https://github.com/jsforce/jsforce/pull/1698))
```

> * FIX: If you set the SF_ORG_METADATA_REST_DEPLOY environment variable or the `org-metadata-rest-deploy` configuration variable, org settings in the scratch org definition file are now deployed using the REST API instead of the default SOAP API. (sfdx-core PR [#1192](https://github.com/forcedotcom/sfdx-core/pull/1192))

Reviewer: Nit: you have to set it to `true`.
